Don't require CIVS (#105)
nix-open-org/org-v2: doc/constitution.md

#### Procedure

> The election is done using a propotional representation oriented tallying system based on ranked ballots. One option is to use [proportional representation mode from Condorcet Internet Voting Service (CIVS)](http://web.archive.org/web/20240412235900/https://civs1.civs.us/proportional.html), but a reasonable alternative is also permitted.

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
The election is done using a proportional representation oriented tallying system based on ranked ballots. One option is to use [proportional representation mode from Condorcet Internet Voting Service (CIVS)](http://web.archive.org/web/20240412235900/https://civs1.civs.us/proportional.html), but a reasonable alternative is also permitted.
```

> The election is done using a proportional representation oriented tallying system based on ranked ballots. One option is to use [proportional representation mode from Condorcet Internet Voting Service (CIVS)](http://web.archive.org/web/20240412235900/https://civs1.civs.us/proportional.html), but a reasonable alternative is also permitted.

Reviewer: Not sure if “tallying system” is proper terminology – Wikipedia calls it either [Electoral system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proportional_representation) or [Voting system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ranked_voting) (redirecting to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electoral_system) – but I guess it is understandable enough.

Reviewer 2: Good question; an ambiguity that is irrelevant for Wikipedia but relevant to us is that there is vote collection and vote tallying (and we already have experience where voting system for the vote collection did not have one of the promised properties for vote tallying).

> The election is done using a [proportional representation mode from Condorcet Internet Voting Service (CIVS)](http://web.archive.org/web/20240412235900/https://civs1.civs.us/proportional.html). The recommendation is to use [CIVS](https://civs1.civs.us/) itself, but a reasonable alternative proportional representation election implementation is also permitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The election is done using a propotional representation oriented tallying system based on ranked ballots. The recommendation is to use [proportional representation mode from Condorcet Internet Voting Service (CIVS)](http://web.archive.org/web/20240412235900/https://civs1.civs.us/proportional.html), but a reasonable alternative proportional representation election implementation is also permitted.
```

Author: How about even removing CIVS as a recommendation:

```suggestion
The election is done using a propotional representation oriented tallying system based on ranked ballots. One option is to use [proportional representation mode from Condorcet Internet Voting Service (CIVS)](http://web.archive.org/web/20240412235900/https://civs1.civs.us/proportional.html), but a reasonable alternative is also permitted.
```

Reviewer 2: (So that a native propotional tallying system of a neutral platform can be used, e.g. for OpaVote there is Meek-STV)

Reviewer 2: I do not see any problems with the no-recommendation wording.
